.TH SCRYPT 1 "Version 0.1: Dec 1, 2012"
.SH NAME
scrypt \- a basic file/folder encryption program
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "scrypt \-?"
.br
.B "scrypt \-\-help"
.br
.B "scrypt \-V"
.br
.B "scrypt \-\-version"
.br
.B "scrypt [-edp] [\fIbinary\fP] \fIpath\fP"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.I scrypt 
is a very basic file and folder encryption program that uses
openssl as a backend to perform des3 encryption on files.
scrypt iterates through all files specified by
.I path, 
encrypting raw files and decrypting encrypted files.
(It will add a .scrypt extension to encrypted files).
If called with a --force-[x] argument, it will act accordingly,
skipping files that are already in compliance. If called with
a binary, it performs it's normal functions on the
.I path 
argument to the binary, then calls the original binary command
as it was entered.

.PP
.I scrypt 
can received piped input also, making it good for archival
operations, too.

.SH OPTIONS
Command line options are described below.
.PP
Most options may be given in one of two forms: 
either a dash followed by a single letter,
or two dashes followed by a long option name.
.PP
.IP "\-?, \-h, \-\-help"
Display this help text 
(Depending on how your shell interprets the question mark,
it may be necessary to quote the question mark, thus: "\-\e?".)
.IP "\-e, \-\-force-encrypt"
Encrypt all unencrypted files in the given path, ignoring files
that are already encrypted.
.IP "\-d, \-\-force-decrypt"
Decrypt all encrypted files in the given path, ignoring files
that are already raw.
.IP "\-p, \-\-password"
Explicitly specify a password (so the program can run without
prompting a password).
.IP "\-P, \-\-password-file=\fIpath\fP"
read password from password file specified by 
.I path.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
openssl(1)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2012 Kael Shipman
.PP
Distributed under the GNU General Public License

.PP
scrypt is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU General Public License for more details.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Kael Shipman <kael.shipman@gmail.com>
.br
Send bug reports or comments to the above address.
